Reporting Dashboard alerts (#3495)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-metrics.md

### Airflow workers and schedulers

> These metrics contain information about the Kubernetes Pods running your workers and schedulers. Different worker and scheduler Pods will appear on these charts as differently colored lines.

Reviewer: Unrelated to Dashboards!

But I don't think this needs to mention Kubernetes Pods because it's a Celery worker that the chart is showing, customer doesn't need to know that it happens to be running on K8s infra under the covers.

`These metrics contain infrastructure utilization information about your workers and schedulers. Unique worker and scheduler instances will appear on these charts as differently colored lines.`

> These metrics contain information about the Kubernetes Pods running your workers and schedulers. Different worker and scheduler Pods will appear on these charts as differently colored lines.

Author: ```suggestion
These metrics contain infrastructure use information about your workers and schedulers. Unique worker and scheduler instances appear on these charts as different colored lines.
```
